---
layout: post
title :"weekly reflection 05"
date: 2018-10-26
---
Since the past 6 weeks we had for computer science, it was very confusing, fun and interesting all in one. When we have learned and taken notes for the first time, we have learned whats a web and what is programming and the huge vairty of languages the proffesionals use like HTML and CSS. CSS is mainly used for styling and HTML structures and rendering helps us view HTML. Then, we were introduced to Github its a program used to make websites using HTML and CSS and we are supposed to blog there every week. On the same day, we were learned how folders contain files and inside those files they have text and repositories. This useful becuase in github, to be able to make a funtional website, you need to know what are folders and files and they contain text like this one that im writting right now. I was confused because I didnt know how to actually create folders and put in files inside. Then Mr.Alllata told us we were going to be creating a game with a partner which was pretty exciting because I havent created a game in years but again its another challenge because I never created a game using raket and I havent created a "real" game before. For the first part, we have played a game called "Ninja Cat" and the point of it was to see how are game is going to somwhat look like. The x-axis and the y-axis played a huge part in coding the game because the Danger is moving down on the X-axis and The player is moving on the Y-axis and the X-axis. We still havent learned how to move characters yet but i hope its not confusing. We had eventually learned circles of evaluation which has to do with raket. Its a cirlce and the function goes first and then the number goes in, which is the argument, it was simple but the more agruments and the more funtions the hadder it is to know where to put in the cirle.   
Todays week was very fun and more interesting than last weeks, we were able to start on the new game we have been planing since last month. 
